TRUMP: Media will not show the magnitude of this crowd. Even I, when I turned on today, I
looked, and I saw thousands of people here, but you don’t see hundreds of thousands of people
behind you because they don’t want to show that. We have hundreds of thousands of people here,
and I just want them to be recognized by the fake news media. Turn your cameras, please, and
show what is really happening out here, because these people are not going to take it any longer,
they’re not going to take it any longer.
Go ahead, turn your cameras, please. Would you show they came from all over the world
actually, but they came from all over our country. I just really want to see what they do. I just
want to see how they cover it. I’ve never seen anything like it, but it would be really great if we
could be covered fairly by the media. The media is the biggest problem we have as far as I’m
concerned, single biggest problem.
(APPLAUSE)
The fake news and the big tech, big tech, is now coming into their own. We beat them four
years ago, we surprised them. We took him by surprise and this year they rigged an election, they
rigged it like they have never rigged an election before, and by the way, last night, they didn’t do
a bad job either, if you notice. I am honest, and I just again, I want to thank you. It’s just a great
honor to have this kind of crowd and to be before you and hundreds of thousands of American 
patriots who are committed to the honesty of our elections and the integrity of our glorious
Republic.
All of us here today do not want to see our election victory stolen by bold and radical left
Democrats, which is what they are doing, and stolen by the fake news media. That is what they
have done and what they are doing. We will never give up. We will never concede. It doesn’t
happen. You don’t concede when there’s theft involved.
(APPLAUSE)
Our country has had enough. We will not take it anymore, and that is what this is all about.
(APPLAUSE)
And to use a favorite term that all of you people really came up with, we will stop the steal.
(APPLAUSE)
Today I will lay out just some of the evidence proving that we won this election and we won
it by a landslide. This was not a close election. You know I say sometimes jokingly, but there’s
no joke about it. I have been in two elections. I won them both and the second one I won much
bigger than the first, okay?
(APPLAUSE)
Almost 75 million people voted for our campaign, the most of any incumbent president by far
in the history of our country; 12 million more than four years ago.
(APPLAUSE)
And I was told by the real pollsters; we do have real pollsters. They know that we were going
to do well and we were going to win. What I was told, if I went from 63 million, which we had
four years ago, to 66 million, there was no chance of losing. Well, we didn’t go to 66, we went to
75 million, and they say we lost. We didn’t lose. And by the way, does anybody believe that Joe
had 80 million votes? Does anybody believe that?
(BOOING)
He had 80 million computer votes. It’s a disgrace. There’s never been anything like that. You
can take Third World countries, just take a look, take Third World countries, their elections are
more honest than what we have been going through in this country. It’s a disgrace. It’s a disgrace.
Even when you look at last night, they were all running around like chickens with their heads cut
off with boxes, and nobody knows what the hell is going on. There’s never been anything like
this. We will not let them silence your voices. We’re not going to let it happen.
(APPLAUSE) 
Not going to let it happen.
CROWD: Fight for Trump. Fight for Trump. Fight for Trump. Fight for Trump. Fight for
Trump. Fight for Trump.
TRUMP: Thank you.
CROWD: Fight for Trump.
TRUMP: And I would love to have, if those tens of thousands of people would be allowed,
the military, the Secret Service and we want to thank you — and the police and law enforcement
— great, you’re doing a great job. But I would love it if they could be allowed to come up with
us. Is that possible? Can you just let them, please?
And Rudy, you did a great job. (APPLAUSE) He’s got guts. You know what? He’s got guts,
unlike a lot of people in the Republican Party, he’s got guts, he fights, he fights. And I will tell
you thank you very much, John [Eastman], fantastic job. I watched — that’s a tough act to follow
those two. John is one of the most brilliant lawyers in the country and he looked at this, and he
said what an absolute disgrace that this could be happening to our Constitution, and he looked at
Mike Pence, and I hope Mike is going to do the right thing. I hope so. I hope so because if Mike
Pence does the right thing, we win the election.
All he has to do — all — this is — this is from the number one or certainly one of the top
constitutional lawyers in our country. He has the absolute right to do it. We’re supposed to
protect our country, support our country, support our Constitution and protect our Constitution.
States want to revote, the states got defrauded. They were given false information, they voted on
it. Now they want to recertify; they want it back. All Vice President Pence has to do is send it
back to the states to recertify, and we become president, and you are the happiest people.
(APPLAUSE)
And I actually, I just spoke to Mike. I said, Mike, that doesn’t take courage, what takes
courage is to do nothing. That takes courage, and then we are stuck with a president who lost the
election by a lot, and we have to live with that for four more years. We’re just not going to let
that happen.
Many of you have traveled from all across the nation to be here, and I want to thank you for
the extraordinary love. That is what it is; there’s never been a movement like this ever, ever for
the extraordinary love for this amazing country. And this amazing movement. Thank you.
CROWD: We love Trump. We love Trump. We love Trump. We love Trump. We love Trump.
We love Trump. We love Trump. We love Trump. We love Trump. 
TRUMP: By the way, this goes all the way back past the Washington Monument. Do you
believe this? Look at this. Unfortunately, they gave the press the prime seats. I can’t stand that.
No, but you look at that behind. I wish they would flip those cameras and look behind you. That
is the most amazing site.
When they make a mistake, you get to see it on television, amazing. Amazing. All of the way
back and don’t worry. We will not take the name off the Washington Monument. We will not.
Cancel culture. They wanted to get rid of the Jefferson Memorial, either take it down or just put
somebody else in there. I don’t think that’s going to happen. It damn well better not, even though
with this administration if this happens, it could happen. You will see some really bad things
happen. They will knock out Lincoln, too, by the way. They have been taking his statute down,
but then we signed a little law, you hurt our monuments, you hurt our heroes, you go to jail for
10 years, and everything stopped. You notice that it stopped?
(APPLAUSE)
It all stopped, and they could use Rudy back in New York City, Rudy.
(APPLAUSE)
They could use you. Your city is going to hell. They want Rudy Giuliani back in New York.
We will get a little younger version of Rudy. Is that okay, Rudy? We’re gathered together in the
heart of our nation’s capital for one very, very basic and simple reason, to save our democracy.
(APPLAUSE)
You know most candidates on election evening, and of course, this thing goes on so long they
still don’t have any idea what the votes are. We still have congressional seats under review. They
have no idea. They have totally lost control; they have used the pandemic as a way of defrauding
the people in a proper election, but you know, you know when you see this and when you see
what is happening, number one they all say, sir, we will never let it happen again. I said that’s
good, but what about eight weeks ago?
[*]TRUMP: You know they try and get you to go, they say, sir, in four years you are
guaranteed. I said, I’m not interested right now. Do me a favor. Go back eight weeks. I want to
go back eight weeks. Let’s go back eight weeks.
(APPLAUSE)
We want to go back, and we want to get this right, because we’re going to have somebody in
there that should not be in there, and our country will be destroyed. And we’re not going to stand
for that.
(APPLAUSE) 
For years, Democrats have gotten away with election fraud and weak Republicans. And that’s
what they are. There’s so many weak Republicans. And we have great ones. Jim Jordan and some
of these guys, they are out there fighting. The House guys are fighting, but it’s — it’s incredible.
Many of the Republicans, I helped them get in. I helped them get elected. I helped Mitch get
elected. I helped —
(BOOING)
I could name 24 of them, let’s say. I won’t bore you with it. And then all of a sudden, you
have something like this. There is like oh, gee, maybe I’ll talk to the president sometime later.
No, it’s amazing. The weak Republicans. They’re pathetic Republicans, and that’s what happens.
If this happened to the Democrats, there’d be hell all over the country going on. There’d be
hell all over the country. But just remember this, you’re stronger, you’re smarter. You’ve got
more going than anybody, and they try and demean everybody having to do with us, and you’re
the real people. You’re the people that built this nation. You’re not the people that tore down our
nation.
(APPLAUSE)
The weak Republicans — and that’s it, I really believe it. I think I’m going to use the term.
The weak Republicans. You’ve got a lot of them and you’ve got a lot of great ones. But you’ve
got a lot of weak ones. They’ve turned a blind eye.
Even as Democrats enacted policies that shipped away our jobs, weakened our military, threw
open our borders, and put America last. Did you see the other day where Joe Biden said I want to
get rid of the America-first policy. What’s that all about? Get rid of — how do you say I want to
get rid of America first? Even if you’re going to do it, don’t talk about it, right?
(LAUGHTER)
Unbelievable, what we have to go through. What we have to go through — and you have to
get your people to fight. And if they don’t fight, we have to primary the hell out of the ones that
don’t fight. We primary them.
(APPLAUSE)